daughter of a sit in on the action tv me
I'm Steve 1337 and I'm in love 6 and
today we show you the unboxing of
heart of the swarm namely
to the expansion of starcraft ii then the
box has the same shape it is
practically the same design as that
of the first chapter that was wings of
liberty and also the contributions are more or
less the same we see immediately box
of great quality
a nice cardboard inside we find
in order the soundtrack with one
nice that the first floor is reagan
is book cacchia is doing there is not
stroking a mechanical shovel bang ok
with 11 tracks in it
then we have the dvd and blu ray of the back
the scenes with the nice one here too
sarah kerrigan in plastic pose joins
of blizzard developers and so on
etc. the usual making of all the
limited we have the game DVD
remember that it is compatible with both PCs
that with mac a nice mousepad that does
always comfortable is always convenient but maybe
the image a little Slavic but I don't know what
i am if it is a battle it is a univeral
iss who has done well from ben
he is doing very badly
the soldiers of the terrestrial domain and then the
wonderful art
it is called you know what favorite indeed
I let you illustrate it from the joints
lady here is beautiful artbook
as you can see on the cover there is the
our beautiful queen style kerrigan
of the zerg pages absolutely
obviously coated for this
beautiful artbook in which we have before
always in the first pages that harry ton
here is explained in a few words how
building 10 is very pretty
because you have to start says from a lot of
teeth that it sucks a little though in which
obviously it explains a little it makes you see
some various drawings, some citations
from characters and also from the first
always rather interesting starcraft
with a song at the level of say if one
he is more interested in, for example, also a
how to draw certain things here is the
quality also of the designs and we have
in addition to various from the iis that goes short
we also have various various crap
there are quite a few beautiful landscapes
also the earth because they can never
missing with various storyboards
however our dear high luz mans e
there are also of course over all
the test environments were right
inside at the end finally not for last but
no less important
hell I'm there we'll find first first or
then propolis we will find peoples we will find
oh well anyway it is a beautiful art that
alone beautiful alone is worth the price
of the limited the only chance that
we can say I was saying at the level of
content is completely similar except
for what I liked the most
of the limited of the first that is the
tumbler with in starcraft broodwar
But needless certain that would persecute them
but you feel the lack of that
something extra
another thing always included in the
limited there are various usual dlc codes
including some avatars
for your account
some in the blizzard network
beasts for world of warcraft
rather than the devil 3 rather than
however the usual things you see in
all limited and blizzard nothing a
very nice dini for a thin mouthpiece
but perhaps it makes a very good impression
on the shelf hello to all bye bye